*	Pre-Alpha - ie. You can't install it without a telepathic connection to Chris. [YOU ARE HERE]

3	Distribution Installer
3	Distribution Creator
3	"Create New Archive" Script
-	Tool to manage XML Phrase files and spot missing bits.
-	Tool to manage XML Template files
0	Translate Initial phrases and templates into French
-	Archive Apache Config Maker (still needs to do virtualhosts)
-	System Apache Config Maker
-	languages.xml file to configure what languages EPrints has heard of
-	XML config files to tell eprints where to find each archive
-	Multi-Lang fields in DB
4	Multi-Lang fields in HTML
0	Alpha Install Docs.

*	Milestone "Anchovy" : ALPHA Release - ie. You can download and install it, but it won't be actually useful yet.

0	Turn off caching of on-the-fly pages?
1	Get the Deposit Item form working
0	"ID" fields for ISBN/userid etc.
0	Cosmetic usernames via callbacks to Config.pm to munge and unmunge what the user edits - so you can edit the username, not the UID, for example.
0	/users/perl/home/ is legal and should not be -> should redir to /users/perl/home, and/or make all URL links absolute.
2	Normalise names for things between XML config, DTD and Perl modules... eg "server_static"
0	Phrasify Option Fields
0	Multilangify Subject Fields and Subject DB
0	Security -> config,edit,authz
0	Search by ID field (in search exp)
0	subject editors
0	multiple views for things like people/groups etc.
0 	Metadata approve page in Submission Form for Admin Conf'd comments
1	Search Expression Serialiser/Unserialiser - Needs to have guaranteed order to use in caches.
0	indexcode generator in ArchiveConfig.pm needs to be UTF-8 clean
0	Web-based registration and Email Change
0	Subscriptions - editing
0	Subscriptions - sending
0	Mailer
0	Editor Pages -approve,bounce,filter etc.


*	Milestone "Olive" : Core code should be stable, scripts & cgi still not stable, core code may still change.

0	UserSearch needs to work and stuff.
0	Staff Eprint & User searches
0	XML 1.1 Support
0 	Super all-singing/dancing etc. Subject Editor
0	Staff Eprint & User edit
1	OAI support
0	Taint all code to force sanity checking of all data
0	Probity (see www.probity.org for more info)
0	Content Negotiation with Browser
0	Subject field root is not always ROOT - can come into different places in the subject tree
0	Keywords field appears in META keywords for search engines
0	Magic Next & Prev in SubmissionForm
0	Skippable Stages in SubmissionForm
0	Default Values for metadata
0 	Clean up phrase file - nice and non-ambiguous.
0	remove all #cjg comments which denote issues.
0	Multipage search (cache code)
0	Multipage views
0	"Suckable" views for adding to external pages (eg. Staff CV/Resumes)
0	Other output charsets than UTF-8?
1	XML Importer
0	Indexing on name fields
0	Improve name search syntax (?)

*	Milestone "Tomato" : BETA Release - ie. You can download it and install it, it should work, but has bugs. All features for 2.0 are (should) be stable. 

1	Comment Code
0	Bugfixing
0	Documentation!
0	How-Too Documentation
0	Multiple Initial Configurations (eg Pre-print Archive, Institutional Archive etc)

*	Milestone "Double Cheese" : EPrints 2.0

1	EPrints 1 : Make it do OAI 1.1
0	EPrints 1 : Make an exporter to dump database for import by ep2

*	EPrints 1.2 Minor Fixes release.


0	Sleep
0	Beer
0	Peer Review
0	Mirroring
0	OAI Sets for users/sets etc as well as subjects
0	Citation Scanning
0	"People who read this eprint also read..."
0	OpenURL support (?)

